Had a really great experience at this restaurant tonight. My friend had a foodora issue (more with foodora, less with this restaurant) a couple of months back, and the manager followed up with her immediately after and offered to make her a reservation if she wanted to give it another go. 

Her and I went tonight, and every aspect of the dinner was wonderful. The manager had made us a reservation at 7pm on a Thursday - a busy time for them - and we were seated promptly at the bar. This was actually great, as the kitchen is all open. The wait staff was extremely friendly and professional, and ensured any allergies were looked after. 

The food was also incredible - our server suggested 3 to 5 dishes, and we ordered 5, which for two people was a lot, but I had no regrets. Loved the variation of corn chips and vegetables that came with the guac, and the while the rest of our food was amazing, the chori papa was amazing. We were more than stuffed. 

All in all we had a great time, and I would highly recommend this restaurant. Great vibe, great food, great staff.Really kind of disappointed. 

Food is not prepare in a dilicate way, sushi even loosing. Eel is nothing like eel, just a piece of been curd. 

Service is not good, it's hard to get attention, we try to get a piece of paper to write down and get refused.

Price are too expensive, we went for a all you can eat dinner, it's 24 but not even have sashimi, sushi is only rolls. Many things in their menu are not included. Very limited choice.

Not suggest.Meh.

The good:  The drinks.  Both were superb.  A gin and grapefruit juice concoction...boy howdy would that be good on a Summer day..But good as the snow flies too.  The rye drink (RyDy) with sorghum and ginger...also stellar (word of caution:  the two don't go well together ;) )

The cornbread appetizer was great, maybe not enough for the price, but crispy top and bottom with a hint of sweetness.  Left me wanting more.

The needs improvement: 

The wife had catfish.  A slab of fried fish on a big white plate with two meager tablespoons of coleslaw and four hush puppies.  It looked unappealing.  I liked the hush puppies, the wife was lukewarm to them, and the fish had not much flavor, although cooked well.

The bordering on laughably bad:

The oyster appetizer that came on a bed of wood chips (borrowed from a nearby playground?). AND THEY WERE ON FIRE!  I felt like blowing on them to see if the smolder would ignite more and set off the smoke detectors.  Seriously, who serves something on smoky smoldering wood chips??  Not an appealing presentation.

The waiter took our drinks away without asking if we were finished.  (No, we weren't).  Idiot.  Waiter also proclaimed something we ordered as "My favorite". (Like I care). I want the wait staff to be better trained.

Pie crust?  Super tough.  Someone overworked the dough.

We stopped at Trader Joes on the way home to get food.  Says something.My wife and I went for lunch while we were way out east. We ordered a Cuban and a chicken parm sandwich.  They were above average for pub fair and I would definitely return next time I'm in the area.Caramel is beautiful. Saying "carmel" like "caramel" is weird. Yep, if you pronounce the A, then I'm one of those people who irritates you by not pronouncing it. It's a colloquialism, mmmkay? But, for this bar's name's sake, I say it the way I guess I'm supposed to.

Anyhow. Caramel is beautiful. The service has always been excellent. It's a classy joint where you can get away with wearing your cargos and Chuck Taylors and never hear a word about it. And, this place satisfies those rare urges of mine when I want to go to a club, but don't want to deal with the usual club hassles.Um, wow! For $27 my wife and I ordered way too much delicious food and ate way to much of it because we just couldn't decide which incredible flavor to end on. The babaganouj is to die for! And plan on taking home a sample platter from the dessert counter at the back of the store. 

It's inside the Baiz market.

Bad neighborhood? Sure. But it's an immigrant neighborhood and the food is obviously targeting its market and not the white-washed American palate. Positively divine!Just over a year ago, my wife and I were shopping for a car. We did our due diligence and prepared. Credit was good, had a down payment, knew what cars we wanted to look at and compare, and knew exactly what our budget was. Over the course of a week, we sat in and drove every car on our list except for one, the Mazda6. We stopped in at More Mazda in Tempe and were met in the parking lot by a salesperson. We explained that we were shopping and comparing and what we wanted to look at. He led us to a 6. When we told him our budget his tone became abrupt and somewhat annoyed, this after telling us that "it's not going to happen, maybe a 3, not a 6". Ok, we shook hands and left. A week later we met Darlene L. at Cardinale Way. She got us into a one year old 6 ITouring sedan with tech package for exactly what we wanted to spend. Fast forward to last weekend. Our other car took a very unexpected dump. Off to Cardinale Way we go. Dealt with Darlene, once again, and left with a beautiful white CX9 ITouring. A bit over budget, but given the no hassle experience, this was not a problem. We highly recommend the entire team at Cardinale. And we highly recommend that you ask for Darlene, you won't regret it.Our first time here and we were so pleasantly surprised. Excellent sushi rolls, spicy edamame, egg drop soup, reasonable happy hour prices and fast service. We will definitely be back soon!This is one of my favorite places. This tortas de puerco taste just like the ones from Tortas Paquime in Nuevo Casas grandes Chihuahua I loooooove it! Out of all the locations this is the one and only I like always clean, fast service and delicious food. Ooh and im a big fan of their jalapenos toreados yuuum!I usually come here for the chicken salad, which I really enjoy.  The idea of a good salad in a Mexican establishment is great and I would still return to have one, however, I strayed last night and had a carne asada burrito.  Sadly, the meat was really bad. No taste and the pieces were way too big and full of stringy gristle. I had to throw the meat out of my burrito. Other than that, the rest of the ingredients were good, and of course their salsa station is really good.  So my advice: have something other than the carne asada here, and you should be ok. The staff is always nice and other than the carne issue, thumbs up!